W-14654664-FIPS-OSnotSupported-44-dm (#2886)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/fips-140-2-compliance-support.adoc

== Tips and Limitations

* The Bouncy Castle security provider bundled with the Mule Runtime distribution isn't FIPS certified. When Mule starts in FIPS security mode, the Bouncy Castle provider isn't registered or used.
* Not all encryption schemes and signatures included in xref:cryptography.adoc[Mule Cryptography Module] and xref:secure-configuration-properties.adoc[Mule Secure Properties] configuration options are FIPS compliant. If your application is using an algorithm that isn't approved for FIPS use, you will get an error at runtime that reads:
....
	Could not find encryption algorithm '<algorithm-name>'.
	You are running in FIPS mode, so please verify that
	the algorithm is compliant with FIPS.
....
* Keep in mind that your different environments might have different security configurations, including different encryption schemes and algorithm selections. So you might see this error in certain environments (but not others), depending on how they are set up.

> * Similarly, enabling FIPS at the OS level, such as in Red Hat, causes compatibility issues and isn't supported.

Author: ```suggestion
* Similarly, enabling FIPS at the OS level, such as on Red Hat, isn't supported as it causes cipher suite errors during license validation.
```
